Py profiler (#118)
SABS-R3-Epidemiology/epiabm: CONTRIBUTING.md

```python
@profile
def slow_function(a, b, c):
    ...
```

Note that this decorator should be applied directly to the relevant function - this is particularly relevant where the `@log_exceptions()` decorator is also used, to prevent the output file just showing the runtime of each line in the decorator.

Then, to run profiling on the basic `simulation_flow.py` example:

```console
python3 kernprof.py -l python_examples/simulation_flow.py
```

This will create an output file in the current working directory with the same name as the file you have profiled, but an added `.lprof` extension. To view this, use:

```console
python3 -m line_profiler simulation_flow.py.lprof 
```

> In this way you can indentify bottlenecks in performance, or compare the time spent running your functions to the overall simulation time. Note these is a small performance cost in profiling (and the `@profile` decorator will throw errors for users who don't have this module installed), so all references to profiling in the code should be removed before submission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way you can identify bottlenecks in performance, or compare the time spent running your functions to the overall simulation time. Note there is a small performance cost in profiling (and the `@profile` decorator will throw errors for users who don't have this module installed), so all references to profiling in the code should be removed before submission.
```
